Mr. Li,
Mrs. Zhang, I'm really sorry,
Please forgive me
You know that
Just now
I— Shut up
Don’t call me Mrs. Zhang
I’m not interested
Call me Miss Jian
Fine
Miss
Miss Jian
I was deceived by her too
If I had known you were Mrs. Zhang
I definitely wouldn’t have done that to you
How interesting
If I really wasn’t
Zhang Wen Xu’s wife
If she was really Mrs. Zhang
would you be free to bully me?
Even forcing me to kneel and apologize to her
No,
Miss Jian
I just wanted to scare you a little
I really didn’t mean to do anything to you
Enough,
I said
you would regret it
Mr. Li,
Mrs. Zhang
I didn’t mean to
Give me a chance,
I have elderly and children to take care of
Don’t do this to me
Mr. Li, Mrs. Zhang
What do I do now?
Why hasn’t Zhang Wen Xu arrived yet?